Add RBAC to docs + move keycloak to optional (#562)
NVIDIA/OSMO: docs/deployment_guide/appendix/authentication/idp_role_mapping.rst

..
  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright (c) 2025-2026 NVIDIA CORPORATION & AFFILIATES. All rights reserved.

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

  SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

.. _idp_role_mapping:

================================================
IdP Role Mapping and Sync Modes
================================================

> When you use an identity provider (IdP) with OSMO, your IdP sends group or role claims in the JWT at login (e.g. a ``groups`` claim from Microsoft Entra ID, or a custom claim from Okta). OSMO uses these claims to determine which OSMO roles a user should receive. This page explains how that mapping works and how **sync modes** control whether IdP claims can add, remove, or leave roles unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an IdP is configured, OSMO reads group or role claims from the JWT at login and maps them to OSMO roles. Sync modes control whether those IdP claims can add, remove, or have no effect on a user's roles. This page covers the mapping configuration and sync behavior for supported IdP providers.
```

let's leave out the examples in the overview as they will be covered in details in the subsequent sections
